Add examples for ContentFilterTopic (#2596)
eProsima/Fast-DDS: examples/C++/DDS/ContentFilteredTopicExample/README.md

# Content Filtered Topic Example

This example extends the HelloWorld example to show how to use Content Filtered Topics.

> The example includes the use of two different Filter Factories.
> On the one hand the default SQL filter and on the other hand a custom filter defined in the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does so by including two different Filter Factories: on the one hand, the default SQL filter; on the other hand, a custom filter defined in the example.
```

## Execution instructions

> To launch this example open three different consoles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To launch this example, open three different terminals:
```

In the first one launch the Subscriber using the default SQL filter: ./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample default_subscriber
In the second one launch the Subscriber using the custom filter: ./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample custom_subscriber

> Finally, in the third terminal launch the Publisher: ./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample publisher

Reviewer: Suggestion:
* In the first one, launch the Subscriber using the default SQL filter: 
   ```bash
   ./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample default_subscriber
   ```
* In the second one, launch the Subscriber using the custom filter:
   ```bash
   ./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample custom_subscriber
   ```
* Finally, in the third terminal, launch the Publisher:
   ```bash
   ./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample publisher
   ```

> The default Subscriber should received only the samples between indexes 5 and 9.
> Custom Subscriber should received samples which index is lower than 3 and greater than 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subscriber with the default filter should received only the samples between indexes 5 and 9, while the Subscriber with the custom filter should received samples which index is lower than 3 or greater than 5.
```

## Arguments

> First argument is mandatory and it should be one of the following values: `publisher`, `default_subscriber` and `custom_subscriber`.

Reviewer: If using the argument parser, this could simply be the `--help`

# Content Filtered Topic Example

This example extends the HelloWorld example to show how to use Content Filtered Topics.
It does so by including two different Filter Factories: on the one hand, the default SQL filter; on the other hand, a custom filter defined in the example.

## Execution instructions (Linux platform)

To launch this example, open three different terminals:

In the first one launch the Subscriber using the default SQL filter:

```
./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample --subscriber
```

> In the second one launch the Subscriber using the custom filter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the second one, launch the Subscriber using the custom filter:
```

```
./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample --subscriber -f custom
```

Finally, in the third terminal launch the Publisher:

```
./DDSContentFilteredTopicExample --publisher
```

> The Subscriber with the default filter should received only the samples between indexes 5 and 9, while the Subscriber with the custom filter should received samples which index is lower than 3 and greater than 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Subscriber with the default filter should received only the samples between indexes 5 and 9, while the Subscriber with the custom filter should received samples which index is lower than 3 or greater than 5.
```

> In order to know further possible arguments please run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to know further possible arguments please run:
```
